Gurukul Admission Registration Form 2026-2027
The Education Committee at Bharatiya Hindu Temple extends a warm welcome to all families for the Gurukul 2026-2027 academic year. We appreciate your partnership in your child's education and cultural enrichment and look forward to a rewarding year of shared progress.

Deadline: The online registration for Gurukul begins on Saraswati Puja day, Friday, January 23, 2026, at 7pm, and closes on last day of Vasant Navaratri (Shri Ram Navami day), Friday, March 27, 2026. To support smooth operations of our program, Temple expects $25 donation per student for late registrations/membership/Gurukul fee payments after March 27, 2026.

Admission Requirements: In order to be admitted to Gurukul, the following conditions need to be met.
Age of the student: At least 6 years as of August 31, 2026.
Temple Membership: Parents are required to be Temple member. Membership process should be completed in person at the Temple. This program is available exclusively to Temple members.
Gurukul Registration Fees: You support with the book cost and other support services. Details are below in "Step 2" under "Registration".
Students’ admission will not be processed without receiving full payment of Temple membership and Gurukul registration fees. 

Registration: The admission process consists of three steps. It is important to follow each step carefully and in the specified order to ensure a successful registration.

Step 1: Complete this online registration form. If you wish to register more than one child in your family, include registration details for each child. The admission form is designed so that you only need to fill it out once, even if you are registering more than one child. Do
not submit multiple forms for multiple children.

Step 2: After you have completed and submitted the online registration form, please visit the Temple in-person to pay the required membership and fees. Gurukul fees include charges for books and other materials and must be paid for each subject and each child you are registering. Completing this payment is necessary before provisional admission can be granted. The fee structure includes -
$35 per subject per child ($55 for SAT and HDC Accelerated Level) to defray the cost for books, printing materials, and other activities. An additional fee of $11 for school bags will apply to first time Gurukul students. After March 27th, $25 donation per student will apply.
Step 3: You will receive a final email from the Temple that your children's admission is confirmed by August 15th, 2026 (or earlier, if possible). Please note that the classes begin on August 30, 2026.

Admission Notice: Completing online registration does not guarantee admission to the Gurukul program. The Education Committee admits students based on many factors, including but not limited to, seats available in a classroom, classroom availability, teachers’ availability, etc. Please note that the class time may change occasionally in order to accommodate additional students than Temple expected.

Admission Priority: Priority will be given to students currently enrolled in academic year 2025-2026. Such students are called existing Gurukul students, who have maintained 75% attendance and have scored at least 75% in assessments. Existing students are guaranteed admission only if the registration form and fee for the following year had been filled and paid by graduation date, May 17th, 2026. After the graduation date, all students (new or existing) will be admitted based on a first come, first serve basis.

Provisional Admission: All admissions are provisional until it is confirmed by the Gurukul before August 15, 2026. For existing students, class level will be confirmed based on the final assessment and attendance requirements.

Curriculum: In 2026-2027, Temple will offer Hindu Dharma and Culture, and language courses in Hindi, Telugu, Tamil, Gujarati, Nepali, and Sanskrit for students who are at least six years old on August 31, 2026. Besides these programs, Temple also offers SAT to students who are in 9th grade or higher.  SAT student's grade verification may be conducted as needed to ensure accuracy and fairness.

Communication: The only means of communication is through email. We recommend that you check your email regularly. In case you do not receive Temple's email, please check your spam folder. Temple is not responsible if you didn't check/get email due to misspelling of your email, and/or blocking mass email on your server. Temple recommends that you renew your membership, update your email and phone number, and other personal information to ensure you receive all important communications, on time.

Academic Calendar: Classes are offered on Sundays which begins on August 30, 2026. Here is the link to Gurukul Calendar.

 
Agreement and Understanding:
You agree to the policies and guidelines set forth in the Temple’s Gurukul Handbook. 
You agree to bring your child every Sunday at least 10 minutes prior to their classes time, and will work with your child to complete his/her assigned homework.
You agree to pay $35 per subject ($55 for SAT and HDC Accelerated Level), to defray the cost for books, printing materials, and other activities. An additional fee of $11 for school bags will apply to first time Gurukul students. After March 27th, $25 donation per student will apply. 
You agree to attend parent's orientation (upon your child’s acceptance into the Gurukul program) on August 23, 2026. A detailed orientation email, including the scheduled time, will be sent closer to the commencement date.
You understand that your child’s seat may be forfeited due to continued absence and his/her seat may be offered to a waitlisted student.
For questions and/or concerns, please come to the Temple on Sundays (January - May) between 10am - 1pm.